RHIDP-12593: Support pluginDivisionMode: schema for Single Database Deployments (#2099)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/configure_configuring-rhdh/assembly-schema-based-database-isolation-implementation.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]
[id="schema-based-database-isolation-implementation_{context}"]
= Schema-based database isolation implementation

:context: schema-based-database-isolation-implementation

[role="_abstract"]

> {product} {product-short} supports schema-based isolation to enable the use of a single PostgreSQL database while maintaining security compliance and simplifying provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-short} creates a separate database for each plugin. You can use `pluginDivisionMode: schema` to consolidate all plugin data into a single PostgreSQL database, using schemas for isolation instead.
```

Author: done

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-schema-based-database-isolation-for-red-hat-developer-hub.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-consolidated-database-architecture.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-benefits-of-consolidated-database-provisioning.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-database-plugin-divider-logic.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-schema-routing-and-namespace-isolation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-automated-schema-initialization.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/ref-configuration-prerequisites.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/proc-configure-schema-based-database-isolation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/ref-postgresql-permissions-matrix-for-service-accounts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: Lets just add this for now, e.g.

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-automated-schema-initialization.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/proc-configure-schema-based-database-isolation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::../../modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/ref-postgresql-permissions-matrix-for-service-accounts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Author: done
